[ZIP-8] Adopting MPT for Contract State Hashing (#30)
Zilliqa/ZIP: zips/zip-8.md

## Specification

### Merkle Partricia Tree
Please refer to [*Modified Merkle Patricia Trie — How Ethereum saves a state*](https://medium.com/codechain/modified-merkle-patricia-trie-how-ethereum-saves-a-state-e6d7555078dd) for more details of Merkle Partricia Trie.

To be simplified, here are some related points to grab:
1. MPT is key-value storage data structure with complete certainty.
2. O(logN) complexity for inserting, searching and deleting.
3. The address of each tree node is the hash of its value part, which can be used for locating the node in the tree, and serves as the key in database.

### Trie
Here we will explain how MPT is architected within our system, it includes these parts:
- [*TrieDB.h*](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/src/depends/libTrie/TrieDB.h): the core logic part for realizing Merkle Partricia Tree
- [*MemoryDB.h*](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/src/depends/libDatabase/MemoryDB.h): provides in-memory container for storing the tree nodes

> - [*OverlayDB.h*](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/src/depends/libDatabase/OverlayDB.h): An inherented class of MemoryDB, interfacing with database for commiting the in-memory data to permanent storage and accessing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [*OverlayDB.h*](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/src/depends/libDatabase/OverlayDB.h): An inherited class of MemoryDB, interfacing with database for commiting the in-memory data to permanent storage and accessing it.
```

![Architecture of Trie](../assets/zip-8/Trie.png)

> however, this is not sufficient since for contract storage the following features have to be met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this is insufficient since for contract storage the following features have to be met:
```
